Document how `Self` receiver types *actually* interact with object safety (#1455)
rust-lang/reference: src/items/traits.md

* `Sized` must not be a [supertrait][supertraits]. In other words, it must not require `Self: Sized`.
* It must not have any associated constants.
* It must not have any associated types with generics.
* All associated functions must either be dispatchable from a trait object,

>   or be explicitly or implicitly non-dispatchable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or be explicitly or implicitly non-dispatchable.
```

>   or be explicitly or implicitly non-dispatchable.

Reviewer 2: that terminology feels weird, `fn foo<T>` is also "implicitly non-dispatchable", isn't it?

All associated functions must either be dispatchable from a trait object or must not be applicable to trait objects
```suggestion
or must not be applicable to trait objects.
```

            * [`Box<Self>`]
            * [`Rc<Self>`]
            * [`Arc<Self>`]
            * [`Pin<P>`] where `P` is one of the types in this list (this also applies recursively)
        * Not have an opaque return type; that is,
            * Not be an `async fn` (which has a hidden `Future` type).
            * Not have a return position `impl Trait` type (`fn example(&self) -> impl Trait`).
        * Not have a `where Self: Sized` bound.

>     * Explicitly non-dispatchable functions must:
>         * Have a `where Self: Sized` bound.
>     * Implicitly non-dispatchable functions must:
>         * Have the receiver type `Self` (i.e. `self`)
>         * Fulfill all the conditions of dispatchable functions, except for the receiver type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Non-applicable functions have either:
        * a `where Self: Sized` bound.
        * the receiver type `Self` (i.e. `self`) and fulfill all the conditions of dispatchable functions, except for the receiver type.
```

> Methods with `Self` receiver type are implicitly non-dispatchable
> (“non-dispatchable” means that they cannot be called on trait object types), but
> [might become dispatchable in future versions of Rust](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/48055).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Methods with `Self` receiver type are currently non-dispatchable
("non-dispatchable" means that they cannot be called on trait object types), but
[might become dispatchable in future versions of Rust](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/48055).
```
